# SUCSS Committee meeting
## 05/10/17

### Welcome/Apologies
* Present
* * Josh Curry
* * Tom Charter
* * David Young
* * Izzy Whistlecroft
* * Laurie Kirkcaldy
* Apologies
* * Kajusz Dykiel (UF)
* * Jamie Scott (disappeared)

### Conflict on the committee and new meeting structure
* Disseminate information via email and as meeting minutes

### Welcome meeting summary
* VMware issue caused by a bug in the web thingy
* * Can be solved by getting people to install VMWare remote console
* The VMWare server broke and rebooted
* Session went well otherwise, people seemed to have fun
* Lecture theatre was good. Easy access to most of the room was good
* Fixing cslib should have happened later, not during the meeting
* Interacting with new people should have been prioritised over fixing cslib
* * It was difficult to let go of cslib due to the amount of time that had been spent putting it together

### Decide on subject for meeting on 11/10/17

### CTF status
* We said last meeting that it was going to be a thing

### SUCSS challenges
* Make a stash of SUCSS challenges (crypto, web, wireshark)
* Izzy to make some crypto challenges
* Ask Prance whether we can steal hit saxophone challenge

### Ideas for next week
* Continue with web challenges
* Re-do the challenges we couldn't do last week with the system not breaking
* Have some alternative challenges in parallel
* Don't rely on VMWare
* Call it something like "Web hacking: reinstalled and not broken any more"
* * SUCSS Web Exploitation 2.0
* Tom to fix the load balancer
* Josh deleted the 200 Kali VMs
* Laurie to investigate VMWare remote console
* Jamie to make some web challenges
* Basic people to do some Natas
* Hopefully VMWare remote console will work for people to migrate onto for access to kali and burp
* Password thing with the red error page is fixed
* Assigning permissions works (as long as cslib doesn't reboot)

### Posters in labs
* Tom to email Jules to get the lab poster updated
* Tom has made some draft session posters (well, memes. Uhh...)

### Any other business
* Mohit wants to do a talk on the 1st of November, MWR to bring beer and pizza
* Mohit suggests David Oakley as the next avenue to explore regarding the missing kit
* We should make some slides for Oli to show at the end of lectures
* VMWare doesn't work - Laurie to investigate submitting a bug report
* SUCSS filestore will be made
* CSLib facebook chat is no more, due to merger with SUCSS
* Josh to book lecture theatre for more weeks
* * Josh also to phone security and complain about the building being locked
* We should blog more
* * Blog about meetings

### Date of next Committee
